_pages/speaking.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Speaking at DjangoCon US
heading: Speaking at DjangoCon US
permalink: /speaking/
description: Information about submitting a proposal to speak at DjangoCon US
---

{% comment %}
Our [Call for Proposals (CFP)](https://www.papercall.io/djangocon-us-2017) is now open! Submit your talk or tutorial proposal by April 10 ([AoE](https://time.is/compare/0000_11_Apr_2017_in_Anywhere_on_Earth)), and encourage your friends and colleagues to do the same.
{% endcomment %}

Need help with your talk?{% comment %}Need help with your proposal?{% endcomment %} We’ve got mentors and helpful tips on our [Speaker Resources](/speaking/speaker-resources/) page!

## Why speak at DjangoCon US?

- Presenters receive a free ticket to DjangoCon US! (Travel costs are not included{% comment %}, but speakers are encouraged to [apply for financial aid](/financial-aid/){% endcomment %}.)
- Professionally produced video of your talk published to our YouTube channel. (You may opt out of this.)
- Professional photographer on hand to photograph your talk. (Also optional.)
- Expose the Django community to new tools, practices, or ideas.
- Expand your technical, professional, and personal networks.
- Share your discoveries with a large audience.
- Give back to the Django community!

{% comment %}
<div class="row column v-pad-top">
    <div class="medium-5 medium-centered column">
        <div class="button-group expanded">
            <a class="button secondary" href="https://www.papercall.io/djangocon-us-2017">Submit a Talk</a>
            <a class="button secondary" href="/financial-aid/">Apply for Financial Aid</a>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
{% endcomment %}

## Selection process

We’ll choose a selection of talks and tutorials that we feel add up to the most enjoyable and engaging program for our attendees. Volunteers from the Django community are invited to help us pick talks, and we rely heavily on them to help us select ones that are interesting and beneficial to our attendees. Community volunteers and conference organizers will all be reviewing anonymized submissions and collectively deciding which ones to accept. **Submissions for DjangoCon US 2017 are closed as of April 11, 2017 07:00 CDT.** We will notify those who have been accepted by **May 15, 2017**. We’ll publish the list of selected talks as soon as we can after the deadline.

## Lightning Talks ⚡️

Not up for a full on talk/tutorial? Looking to give your first talk at a conference? Lightning talks are talks under 5 minutes with or without slides on almost any topic you want! Even if you’re nervous or shy, remember: it’s a MAXIMUM of 5 minutes. Sign-ups will happen **at the conference** and more details will be available there.

Commit message:

Update Landing page
Replace DjangoCon US citations to PyCon Hyderabad

_pages/speaking.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Speaking at PyCon Hyderabad
heading: Speaking at PyCon Hyderabad
permalink: /speaking/
description: Information about submitting a proposal to speak at PyCon Hyderabad
---

{% comment %}
Our [Call for Proposals (CFP)](https://www.papercall.io/djangocon-us-2017) is now open! Submit your talk or tutorial proposal by April 10 ([AoE](https://time.is/compare/0000_11_Apr_2017_in_Anywhere_on_Earth)), and encourage your friends and colleagues to do the same.
{% endcomment %}

Need help with your talk?{% comment %}Need help with your proposal?{% endcomment %} We’ve got mentors and helpful tips on our [Speaker Resources](/speaking/speaker-resources/) page!

## Why speak at PyCon Hyderabad?

- Presenters receive a free ticket to PyCon Hyderabad! (Travel costs are not included{% comment %}, but speakers are encouraged to [apply for financial aid](/financial-aid/){% endcomment %}.)
- Professionally produced video of your talk published to our YouTube channel. (You may opt out of this.)
- Professional photographer on hand to photograph your talk. (Also optional.)
- Expose the Django community to new tools, practices, or ideas.
- Expand your technical, professional, and personal networks.
- Share your discoveries with a large audience.
- Give back to the Django community!

{% comment %}
<div class="row column v-pad-top">
    <div class="medium-5 medium-centered column">
        <div class="button-group expanded">
            <a class="button secondary" href="https://www.papercall.io/djangocon-us-2017">Submit a Talk</a>
            <a class="button secondary" href="/financial-aid/">Apply for Financial Aid</a>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
{% endcomment %}

## Selection process

We’ll choose a selection of talks and tutorials that we feel add up to the most enjoyable and engaging program for our attendees. Volunteers from the Django community are invited to help us pick talks, and we rely heavily on them to help us select ones that are interesting and beneficial to our attendees. Community volunteers and conference organizers will all be reviewing anonymized submissions and collectively deciding which ones to accept. **Submissions for PyCon Hyderabad 2017 are closed as of April 11, 2017 07:00 CDT.** We will notify those who have been accepted by **May 15, 2017**. We’ll publish the list of selected talks as soon as we can after the deadline.

## Lightning Talks ⚡️

Not up for a full on talk/tutorial? Looking to give your first talk at a conference? Lightning talks are talks under 5 minutes with or without slides on almost any topic you want! Even if you’re nervous or shy, remember: it’s a MAXIMUM of 5 minutes. Sign-ups will happen **at the conference** and more details will be available there.
