_pages/sponsors-information.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Become a Sponsor
heading: Become a Sponsor
permalink: /sponsors/information/
description: Become a Sponsor
---

## What Is DjangoCon US?

This August, more than 500 people from the Django community will descend upon Spokane for six days of tutorials, talks, and code sprints. There is no better place to recruit Django developers than at DjangoCon US!

Sponsoring DjangoCon US can help you:

- Recruit amazing Django developers
- Promote your product (hosting, Saas, developer tools) to hundreds of potential new customers
- Give back to the Django community and ensure its future happiness, health, and productivity

Because the conference is organized by [DEFNA](https://www.defna.org/), a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization, your sponsorship is tax-deductible!

<a href="mailto:{{site.sponsors_email}}" class="button secondary">Want to know more about sponsorship? Contact us today.</a>

## Sponsorship Levels

### Diversity Sponsorships

Django and the Python community at large pride themselves on their commitment to diversity and inclusion. Talk to us about contributing to our Financial Aid fund, which prioritizes grants for people from underrepresented groups. Diversity sponsorship funds will also be used to offset the cost of offering child care!

### Other Sponsorship Opportunities

The following a la carte offerings are available to increase visibility on site.

|                                                                                    | Bronze<br> $1,125  | Silver<br> $2,250  | Gold<br> $4,500                                         | Platinum<br> $9,000 | Diamond<br> $18,000 |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------: | :----------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------: | :-----------------: |
| Free Sponsor Registrations                                                         |         1          |         2          |                            4                            |          8          |          8          |
| Diversity<br> (Can be added to any tier)                                           |     :moneybag:     |     :moneybag:     |                       :moneybag:                        |     :moneybag:      |     :moneybag:      |
| Profile in conference app<br> (Logo & text description)                            | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |                   :white_check_mark:                    | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Tote bag insert<br> (Provided by Sponsor)                                          | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |                   :white_check_mark:                    | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Logo in video rotation                                                             | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |                   :white_check_mark:                    | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Name in press release and mailings                                                 | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |                   :white_check_mark:                    | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Sponsor link on website                                                            |    Bronze link     |    Silver link     |                        Gold link                        |    Platinum link    |     Preeminent      |
| Social Media<br> Twitter & Facebook posts                                          |                    | :white_check_mark: |                   :white_check_mark:                    | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Booth Space                                                                        |                    |                    |                      Maximum of 12                      | :white_check_mark:  |     Preeminent      |
| Logo on a banner carousel in conference app                                        |                    | :white_check_mark: |                   :white_check_mark:                    | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Banner Stands for Keynote and Speaking Rooms<br> (Max of two; provided by sponsor) |                    |                    | Keynote Room<br> - Speaking Room<br> (Space permitting) | :white_check_mark:  |     Preeminent      |
| Logo on conference app menu                                                        |                    |                    |                                                         | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Logo featured in post conference videos                                            |                    |                    |                                                         | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Logo on tote bags                                                                  |                    |                    |                                                         |                     | :white_check_mark:  |
| 1 push notification to attendees during conference                                 |                    |                    |                                                         |                     | :white_check_mark:  |

#### Lanyard $3,000 (Limit 1)

Lanyard sponsors enjoy having their logo visible to all attendees during the conference on the lanyards for the badges in which they’re sponsoring.

#### Refreshments $2,000 (Limit 3)

Conference organizers will recognize refreshment sponsors prior to each break and ensure your company’s name and logo are displayed on the refreshment stands.

#### Choose Your Own Sponsorship Adventure

Interested in another sponsorship opportunity? Get in touch and we’ll do our best to make it happen. Here’s a few ideas or pitch us something new!

- Breakfast
- Evening events
- Sprints
- Opening reception
- Video
- Video transcription

## Interested in Sponsoring?

<strong><a href="mailto:sponsors@djangocon.us">Send us an email!</a></strong> We're here to help make the process of becoming a sponsor as easy as we can!

{% comment %}
#### Booth info
{% endcomment %}

Commit message:

Update Landing page
Replace DjangoCon US citations to PyCon Hyderabad

_pages/sponsors-information.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Become a Sponsor
heading: Become a Sponsor
permalink: /sponsors/information/
description: Become a Sponsor
---

## What Is PyCon Hyderabad?

This August, more than 500 people from the Django community will descend upon Spokane for six days of tutorials, talks, and code sprints. There is no better place to recruit Django developers than at PyCon Hyderabad!

Sponsoring PyCon Hyderabad can help you:

- Recruit amazing Django developers
- Promote your product (hosting, Saas, developer tools) to hundreds of potential new customers
- Give back to the Django community and ensure its future happiness, health, and productivity

Because the conference is organized by [DEFNA](https://www.defna.org/), a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization, your sponsorship is tax-deductible!

<a href="mailto:{{site.sponsors_email}}" class="button secondary">Want to know more about sponsorship? Contact us today.</a>

## Sponsorship Levels

### Diversity Sponsorships

Django and the Python community at large pride themselves on their commitment to diversity and inclusion. Talk to us about contributing to our Financial Aid fund, which prioritizes grants for people from underrepresented groups. Diversity sponsorship funds will also be used to offset the cost of offering child care!

### Other Sponsorship Opportunities

The following a la carte offerings are available to increase visibility on site.

|                                                                                    | Bronze<br> $1,125  | Silver<br> $2,250  | Gold<br> $4,500                                         | Platinum<br> $9,000 | Diamond<br> $18,000 |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------: | :----------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------: | :-----------------: |
| Free Sponsor Registrations                                                         |         1          |         2          |                            4                            |          8          |          8          |
| Diversity<br> (Can be added to any tier)                                           |     :moneybag:     |     :moneybag:     |                       :moneybag:                        |     :moneybag:      |     :moneybag:      |
| Profile in conference app<br> (Logo & text description)                            | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |                   :white_check_mark:                    | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Tote bag insert<br> (Provided by Sponsor)                                          | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |                   :white_check_mark:                    | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Logo in video rotation                                                             | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |                   :white_check_mark:                    | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Name in press release and mailings                                                 | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |                   :white_check_mark:                    | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Sponsor link on website                                                            |    Bronze link     |    Silver link     |                        Gold link                        |    Platinum link    |     Preeminent      |
| Social Media<br> Twitter & Facebook posts                                          |                    | :white_check_mark: |                   :white_check_mark:                    | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Booth Space                                                                        |                    |                    |                      Maximum of 12                      | :white_check_mark:  |     Preeminent      |
| Logo on a banner carousel in conference app                                        |                    | :white_check_mark: |                   :white_check_mark:                    | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Banner Stands for Keynote and Speaking Rooms<br> (Max of two; provided by sponsor) |                    |                    | Keynote Room<br> - Speaking Room<br> (Space permitting) | :white_check_mark:  |     Preeminent      |
| Logo on conference app menu                                                        |                    |                    |                                                         | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Logo featured in post conference videos                                            |                    |                    |                                                         | :white_check_mark:  | :white_check_mark:  |
| Logo on tote bags                                                                  |                    |                    |                                                         |                     | :white_check_mark:  |
| 1 push notification to attendees during conference                                 |                    |                    |                                                         |                     | :white_check_mark:  |

#### Lanyard $3,000 (Limit 1)

Lanyard sponsors enjoy having their logo visible to all attendees during the conference on the lanyards for the badges in which they’re sponsoring.

#### Refreshments $2,000 (Limit 3)

Conference organizers will recognize refreshment sponsors prior to each break and ensure your company’s name and logo are displayed on the refreshment stands.

#### Choose Your Own Sponsorship Adventure

Interested in another sponsorship opportunity? Get in touch and we’ll do our best to make it happen. Here’s a few ideas or pitch us something new!

- Breakfast
- Evening events
- Sprints
- Opening reception
- Video
- Video transcription

## Interested in Sponsoring?

<strong><a href="mailto:sponsors@djangocon.us">Send us an email!</a></strong> We're here to help make the process of becoming a sponsor as easy as we can!

{% comment %}
#### Booth info
{% endcomment %}
